On May 11th 2024, a historic interview with Trainvoi happened, conducted by Gloo. Trainvoi has never accepted any request to interview him, until now.


Here is the transcription.


Gloo : Trainvoi, thanks a lot for being here

Trainvoi : No problem.

Gloo : Onto the first question, are you gay?

Trainvoi : No.

Gloo : It is rumored you are Indian. Can you confirm?

Trainvoi : Im not Indian.

Gloo : Do you think of yourself as a role model for the next generation?

Trainvoi : No.

Gloo : Why did it take you 1500 hours to reach EV in susy?

Trainvoi : afkmaxxing.

Gloo : Why do you like Galil

Trainvoi : Controllable gun.

Gloo : What anime are you watching?

Trainvoi : None rn.

Gloo : Why are you the worst coder?

Trainvoi : :trol:


and that concludes the interview.

wait, there is more.

Fyrstikkeske: what makes a Voronoi-diagram of your status commit such heinius acts, and have over 5000 on your favourite count.




==== TRAINVOIFICATION ====
The Trainvoification is an attempt to unify the brightest minds of countless scientific disciplines into a single noble pursuit: making anime real. With new strides in artificial intelligence, the creation of human-level artificial consciousness or even an Artificial General Intelligence is now on the horizon. Further innovations in biotechnology and robotics provides the flesh and blood of Trainvoi's creations, allowing for the construction of artificial anime girls which far exceed humanity in intelligence, speed, reflexes and brute strength.



Background

In 2022, a crack team of scientists, led by Trainvoi, published a groundbreaking interdisciplinary research paper concerning the construction of true artificial humans. The paper received both widespread scientific acclaim and backlash. It was praised for its innovative approach to cutting-edge multidisciplinary scientific challenges, but was viciously condemned for its flagrant disregard for medical, engineering and research ethics. The paper was cited in over 20,000 different articles before its retraction in early 2024.

Although Trainvoi's team lost their academic credibility in the wake of these controversies, they were inducted into Lockheed-Martin's Advanced Development Program (colloquially referred to as "Skunkworks") to operate outside of the public eye and beyond common ethical constraints. As part of a direct order by the United States president, the team was given a blank cheque to pursue their research unrestricted.

The details of the program are unclear, as all accessible information concerning the Trainvoification was obtained from the 2022-2023 Pentagon document leaks. It is known that the program was undertaken at Edwards Air Force Base (Area 51), and was beset by several early setbacks. The team struggled to develop a working AI framework for its anime girls, but was ultimately able to resolve the issue through the use of advanced Sophon technologies. With these new breakthroughs integrated into the program, the team was able to mass-produce self-aware anime girl specimens.



RESULTS

The anime girls themselves are constructed from a skeleton of cold-welded HSLA steel. In place of conventional robotic hydraulic systems, the units use cutting-edge artificial muscle actuators. Early units were clothed in artificial skin based on polyethylene rubber, which was later phased out in place of biological components. As of late 2027, all mass-production units far exceeded baseline humans in both cognitive and physiological regards.

Early trials demonstrated worrying personality traits, likely due to the intelligence divide between AI specimens and their human creators. Certain units had a pattern of megalomania, recklessness, hedonism and even violence. Records include numerous mentions of rampages, battles and attacks carried out by problematic units. One unit - D3-65b - severely injured three researchers and killed one by punching a hole through his chest. The unit was later placated by a video of Family Guy played on a senior researcher's phone.

Later records indicate that most of these psychological problems were minimized, if not outright eliminated, through the addition of pastries into units' diets.



CATHOUND

Two catgirl supersoldiers in the Second Battle of the Visayas (2028, uncolorized)
As the Trainvoification dragged on, certain researchers grew disillusioned with the pace of progress. The units were capable, but they were not a true form of life. A group of biotechnologists splintered off from the main research group, and attempted to find a more suitable backer than the United States government. Using a sophisticated web of black market connections, the group managed to flee the United States and sought refuge somewhere in the Balkans. There, they would rename themselves CATHOUND, and begin their evolution into something akin to a paramilitary group.

CATHOUND, under the guidance of Mapper31, managed to find a buyer. The Filipino government was intrigued by the USA's anime girl program, and was offended by the USA's refusal to share its findings. The Philippines was swiftly losing control of the South China sea, and believed that a new supersoldier program was the only suitable choice for protecting its strategic interests. A personal deal between president Marcos and Mapper31 saw CATHOUND's illicit relocation to the Philippines, where its budget was inflated and its scant few ethical constraints removed.

By 2029, CATHOUND had perfected its craft. Their anime girl supersoldiers were instrumental in the creation of the Filipino Space Marine program and eventually the creation of the Philippines' infamous cyber-privateer brigades. CATHOUND, however, had larger goals in mind.




The Neko Revolution
The Trainvoification bore promising fruit, but was never able to overcome one key issue: the matter of reproduction.

As the anime girls were artificial constructs, all early units were sterile. Although CATHOUND appeared loyal to its new benefactors, its priorities lay elsewhere. To adapt to a changing climate, and to mankind's evolution into the stars, CATHOUND believed that humanity needed to take on a new form. A better form. That was the essence of CATHOUND's true intentions. CATHOUND pooled together the world's best scientists, and eventually evolved its anime girls into something more: an entirely new species.

Humanity's bipedalism was only recently evolved. Our bodies have needed to swiftly adapt to a rare new configuration, and suffer a host of issues as a result. Humans are far more prone to back issues that other animals. Human birth is far riskier than in other species. With CATHOUND's new neko subspecies, all of these issues were eliminated. They could have far more offspring than humans. Their intelligence far exceeded humanity's. Their mental and physical health was greatly optimized to create a species suitable to inherit the earth.

It started small. CATHOUND perfected a gene therapy technique to nekoify normal humans. Later on, their nefarious creations were released into the wild to intermix with baseline humans. It was later found that the two species was able to produce viable offspring, which would inherit CATHOUND's powerful biological optimizations. With this revelation, the leaders of the world realized that baseline humanity was doomed to be outcompeted.

In 2032, the United Nations general assembly released a groundbreaking decree: escape to the stars or face extinction. With this, the world was divided into two camps. Many nations believed that humanity going extinct was "a bad thing". Others embraced this next step in human evolution. The United States president infamously declared that "who doesn't want cat ears? I sure do!" and launched a ruling to accelerate the Trainvoification.




==== LAS VEGAS ====



This is the city where Eight spent the last of his savings, in an attempt to adopt the gamblecore aesthetic. 



In 2025, he arrived in Vegas with a single dollar and a rusted 2006 Monte Carlo. 



After three long weeks of nonstop gambling, hard drugs, prostitutes and property damage, he was driven out into the desert in a massive three-hour car chase.



He was banished from Vegas without any of his limbs, only one kidney, half of his liver, no epidermis, no central nervous system, no circulatory system, no cerebellum, and 6 trillion dollar in debt. 



In addition, the devil owns a part of his soul. He was reduced to only a disembodied cloud of sentient gas loosely contained in a plastic bag, driving a golf cart.



It is possible that his death in 2026 was a suicide as a result of depression following his trip.


















Gliese was forever imprisoned at the heart of a barren planet orbiting a supermassive black hole.